We are still unable to generate the
filtered and unfiltered trajectories since the robot is static.
Currently, the trajectories are appending zero values.
The robot is performing only a sensor update without any motion update.
Therefore, we'll have to drive the robot in
the environment as it collects sensory information.
With the turtlebot-telop package,
we can publish driving commands to the robot.
We'll be able to control the robot with either keyboard or joystick commands.
Now let's have a closer look at the properties of this package and it's nodes.
The turtlebot-telop node has no subscribers and only publishes control commands.
Now we need to integrate this package with the turtlebot-gazebo package.
As you can see, the control topics of
both nodes in the two packages perfectly match each other.
Here you can see the final result of integrating the four packages.
You can drive the robot with
the turtlebot-telop package and generate filtered and unfiltered trajectories.
Now let's launch the node and drive the robot in the gazebo environment.
First, clone the package into src folder of your [inaudible] work space,
then install the dependencies,
following built the package.
Once again, source the environment.
Finally, launch the node.
Inside this terminal, followed the instructions to
drive your robot and change its speed with the keyboard commands